---
title: 10.0 Changelog
description: CRBT's biggest update yet!
date: 2021-07-24
---

### Added

- `@CRBT`
- `//iteminfo`
- Season 3 of the CRBT Store banners, which brings 7 new designs (limited until the release of Season 4).
- 11 new badges, including more Jobs and the new Emotions category.
- `//snipe`, to get the contents of the last deleted message.
- `//removebanner` to remove your current profile banner.
- `//setpronouns`, to change your display pronouns on your CRBT profile and on certain commands.
- `//youtube-together`, to start a YouTube Together activity in the current voice channel.
- `//pick`, to pick one option from a given array at random.
- `//github` to get info on a GitHub user or repository.
- More easter eggs!

### Changed

- Split `//job` into 4 commands: `//jobsearch`, `//jobinfo`, `//jobapply` and `//jobquit`.
- `//play` & `//join` now limits other music playback commands to the channels they were executed in.
- Brand new icons and colors to reflect the new branding.
- Renamed the "Basic" module to "Misc".
- `//crbtinfo` is now in the "Misc" module.

### Upgraded

- `//emojiinfo` now works with emoji names, without the need to have an active Discord Nitro subscription.
- Most CRBT commands will now work inside of Direct Messages.
- Bug reports and suggestions look better, and can now have replies from developers, which are also mirrored to the user's Direct Messages.
- Added 4 more colors to `//color`, as well as some bonus unlisted ones.
- The currently playing sheet displays more info and now has a "mute" button.
- The CRBT Store and `//help` now works with reaction buttons as well as the standard text.
- Reminders can now be set up to 2 years (instead of 21 days maximum).
- The Badges section of the CRBT Store is now split into categories.
- Updated `//translate`'s API to ensure the command works most of the time properly.
- `//convert` now has more ways of being used (see `//help convert`).
- `//help <command name>` now gives more info on Partner commands, permission errors and info on the module the command is from.
- `//8ball` now indicates if the answer is positive, negative, or neutral.
- `//addemoji` now works with custom emojis, allowing you to add any emoji (given that you are a Discord Nitro subscriber) onto your Discord server.
- Added `//calc` as a normal command alias of `=`, for math calculations.
- If you don't have enough money to buy an item, it'll now tell you how much the item costs.
- Removed receipts by Direct Messages for buying items.
- You can now check your hourly & work cooldowns in `//jobinfo` (and check other people's too).
- Renamed "Data collection" to "Telemetry", changed "On/Off" to "Minimal/Complete" and made the "Complete" mode less intrusive than the previous "On" setting. Check the [Privacy policy](https://crbt.ga/policy) for more info.
- `//prefix` will now ask you for a confirmation on a prefix change.

### Fixed

- Message logs should work fine now
- Music commands are back too
- Added a lot of missing error messages when a command wasn't executed properly
- `//anime` and `//manga` should now work

### Temporarily unavailable/planned for later minor updates

- Languages
- Channel allowlist for CRBT commands
- Custom Commands
- Achievements
- Some of the new partner perks
- `//leaderboard`: too many difficulties making the command
- One partner command: Not enough time to finish it

### Removed

- `//vote`
- `//switch`
- `//credits`
- `//xp`
- `//resetprofile`
- `//magik`
- `//joke`
- `//embed`
- `//replies`
- `//var`
- `//aoijs`
- Being able to ping the bot as a prefix (was causing too much problems)
